README.md, before:

# MMM-moonraker

This is a module for the [MagicMirror²](https://github.com/MichMich/MagicMirror/).

![screenshot](.github/example.png)

This module will use the Moonraker API to show your current print status on your MagicMirror²! Moonraker is an API that is used by tools like Fluidd or Mainsail to manage your Klipper powered 3D printer with a web interface. The power of the same API is used to display printing related information on your MagicMirror².

## Installation

In your terminal, go to your MagicMirror's Module folder:

```bash
cd ~/MagicMirror/modules
```

Clone this repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/btastic/MMM-moonraker
```

## Using the module

To use this module, add the following configuration block to the modules array in the `config/config.js` file:
```js
var config = {
    modules: [
        {
            module: 'MMM-moonraker',
            config: {
                endpoint: "",
                updateInterval: 60000,
                showThumbnail: true,
                thumbnailSize: 150,
                hideDataOnStandby: true
            }
        }
    ]
}
```

## Configuration options

| Option               | Description
|--------------------- |-----------
| `endpoint`           | *Required* <br>Endpoint of the Moonraker API. Usually, this is the same as your Fluidd or Mainsail installation. For example: http://192.168.0.75<br><br>**Type:** `string`(url) 
| `updateInterval`     | *Optional* <br>The time interval between UI updates.<br><br>**Type:** `int`(milliseconds)<br>**Default:** 60000 milliseconds (60 seconds)
| `showThumbnail`      | *Optional* <br>Shows the largest thumbnail embedded in your gcode. Check the Mainsail documentation on how to add thumbnails with your slicer. [How to config your slicer for thumbnails](https://docs.mainsail.xyz/overview/features/thumbnails#how-to-config-your-slicer-for-thumbnails). Make sure to modify your config.js `address` to be something else than `0.0.0.0` or CORS will prevent you from showing the thumbnail. I use `localhost` and it is working fine.<br><br>**Type:** `bool` <br>**Default:** true
| `thumbnailSize`      | *Optional* <br>Changes with thumbnails size (width). Enter a integer value for an absolute value, or a relative size with % (e.g. "50%").<br><br>**Type:** `int\|string` <br>**Default:** 150
| `hideDataOnStandby`  | *Optional* <br>Hides printer info when the printer is on standby.<br><br>**Type:** `bool` <br>**Default:** true

## Available localizations
- English (en)
- German (de)

Commit message:

Add documentation on how to add layer information

README.md, after:

# MMM-moonraker

This is a module for the [MagicMirror²](https://github.com/MichMich/MagicMirror/).

![screenshot](.github/example.png)

This module will use the Moonraker API to show your current print status on your MagicMirror²! Moonraker is an API that is used by tools like Fluidd or Mainsail to manage your Klipper powered 3D printer with a web interface. The power of the same API is used to display printing related information on your MagicMirror².

## Installation

In your terminal, go to your MagicMirror's Module folder:

```bash
cd ~/MagicMirror/modules
```

Clone this repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/btastic/MMM-moonraker
```

## Using the module

To use this module, add the following configuration block to the modules array in the `config/config.js` file:
```js
var config = {
    modules: [
        {
            module: 'MMM-moonraker',
            config: {
                endpoint: "",
                updateInterval: 60000,
                showThumbnail: true,
                thumbnailSize: 150,
                hideDataOnStandby: true
            }
        }
    ]
}
```

## Layer count
To see the current layer and the total layer you have to setup your slicer to emit some G-code which will be interpreted by moonraker.
Check the Mainsail documentation on how to add layer information with your slicer: [Layer Count](https://docs.mainsail.xyz/overview/slicer/prusaslicer#layer-count)

## Configuration options

| Option               | Description
|--------------------- |-----------
| `endpoint`           | *Required* <br>Endpoint of the Moonraker API. Usually, this is the same as your Fluidd or Mainsail installation. For example: http://192.168.0.75<br><br>**Type:** `string`(url) 
| `updateInterval`     | *Optional* <br>The time interval between UI updates.<br><br>**Type:** `int`(milliseconds)<br>**Default:** 60000 milliseconds (60 seconds)
| `showThumbnail`      | *Optional* <br>Shows the largest thumbnail embedded in your gcode. Check the Mainsail documentation on how to add thumbnails with your slicer. [How to config your slicer for thumbnails](https://docs.mainsail.xyz/overview/features/thumbnails#how-to-config-your-slicer-for-thumbnails). Make sure to modify your config.js `address` to be something else than `0.0.0.0` or CORS will prevent you from showing the thumbnail. I use `localhost` and it is working fine.<br><br>**Type:** `bool` <br>**Default:** true
| `thumbnailSize`      | *Optional* <br>Changes with thumbnails size (width). Enter a integer value for an absolute value, or a relative size with % (e.g. "50%").<br><br>**Type:** `int\|string` <br>**Default:** 150
| `hideDataOnStandby`  | *Optional* <br>Hides printer info when the printer is on standby.<br><br>**Type:** `bool` <br>**Default:** true

## Available localizations
- English (en)
- German (de)
